military really wasn't a planned event
by any means I mean it's just one of
those things where it's like chain of
events happened circumstance come and
you know it's like what do I do next and
I I didn't want to have that that label
or or that thought that I blame my
father's death on what I became as an
individual like oh my dad died that's
why I am doing a dead-end job and I
didn't become to anything that wasn't
going to be me I had to get out of my
environment get out of that that's
surrounding and kind of just be thrown
into a mix now I was thrown into the mix
of infantry time of war you know
timeframe but it totally took me off I
like I didn't have time to bed I didn't
anybody but at the same time it
developed me as a man and that's what I
needed and that that was kind of like
the ultimate kicking me kicking me over
the edge factor just to get me out of
what happened what I had not been doing
my high school career isn't getting good
grades and my father passed away now
it's time to grow up like that time of
your life needs to be abolished
immediately like remember it remember
what you were remember where he came
from but go pursue greater things and
that was like what i use the military
for and i just an enlisted and said yeah
give me out of here first tray and they
said you know I got infantry and I left
four days after I enlisted in seven days
I was off to Fort Benning Georgia so do
you think about what you might have been
it yet done that
I try not to I don't think because I
don't think would be much you know I
think that it would be uh-huh something
just mediocre average you know I don't
think that I've done anything
significant not saying that this is
significant I mean it to me this is my
life this is something that I want to do
but if I would have stayed in my
hometown and made excuses I may have
gotten a degree i may have you know does
that I probably be overweight i would
probably you know have a girlfriend i
might have a kid yeah I don't know you
know there's a lot of strands and
tangibles that you can tie into what I
might have been but I don't like to
think about it because it's where I am
now so any of these current players I
asked you about your experiences only
yeah let's pick your brain about it yeah
you know yeah they have it's pretty cool
they like it they like to hear the
stories I mean it's and that's how I
relate you know like all of us have our
background where we're from and that's
mine you know and I came in here kind of
not locally like people knew who I kind
of was and not like on it you know
egotistic standpoint but my story had
kind of gotten out and so a lot of the
guys knew were familiar with my
background I was in the military so when
I got here yeah a lot of them asked me
what I'd been through you know how am i
killing anybody you know things like
that but you know you got to be real
with them you gotta be open with them
you know that's there are there my
teammates or my family so I'm gonna
share with them if they want to know you
know you know I put the guidelines down
when I want to quit talking about it if
I you know having a bad day but learn
that it's just like it's gonna help its
they're gonna know where I came from so
you know
and I want to know where they came from
which is one of those things you got a
ball into the locker room that's part of
it just to be clear on one thing i was
looking at three years ago
correct that's what I've been told as
well
Junior yes soft moan field so why is
that damn why do they all I got why do
you lose one year to play full time
student full time soon yeah without
Richard so anybody got anything else I
go fishing